Authorization Server deprecation (#5020)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2020/index.md

#### User Consent for OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect flows is rolling out to GA in Production

> A consent represents a user's explicit permission to allow an application to access resources protected by scopes. As part of an OAuth 2.0 or OpenID Connect authentication flow, you can prompt the user with a page to approve your app's access to specified resources. See the [consent property for scopes](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/AuthorizationServerScopes/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A consent represents a user's explicit permission to allow an app to access resources that are protected by scopes. As part of an OAuth 2.0 or OpenID Connect authentication flow, you can prompt the user with a page to approve your app's access to specified resources. See the [consent property for scopes](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/AuthorizationServerScopes/).
```
